Address Daniel Migault, Russ Housley and Rich Salz's comments. (#80)
tlswg/tls-subcerts: draft-ietf-tls-subcerts.md

To reduce the dependency on external CAs, this document proposes a limited delegation
mechanism that allows a TLS peer to issue its own credentials within
the scope of a certificate issued by an external CA.  These credentials only enable the
recipient of the delegation to speak for names that the CA has authorized.  Furthermore,
this mechanism allows the server to use modern signature algorithms such as

> ed25519 even if their CA does not support them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ed25519 {{?RFC8032}} even if their CA does not support them.
```

valid_time:

: Time in seconds relative to the beginning of the delegation certificate's
  notBefore value after which the delegated credential is no longer valid.

>   Credentials with valid_times exceeding 7 days will be rejected (as described
>   in {{client-and-server-behavior}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Endpoints will reject delegate credentials with valid_times exceeding 7 days (as described
  in {{client-and-server-behavior}}).
```

Reviewer: Also, the the client-and-server-behavior anchor defined? I checked the source and don't see `{#client-and-server-behavior}` anywhere.

Author: It works automatically. Surprise to me too.

Reviewer: Hah, cool!

5. Use the public key in the peer's end-entity certificate to verify the
   signature of the credential using the algorithm indicated by
   DelegatedCredential.algorithm.

> 6. Validate that DelegatedCredential.cred.valid_time is no more than 7 days.

Reviewer: Should this be part of step (1), perhaps?

Author: Good idea!
